I having been buying the smaller tablets (7 inch) since the beginning and I can now recommend to buy this tablet. I have other sized Fire tablets (8 Inch) and a new ipad, plus the new Kindle paper white, but the Fire 7 is my go to tablet. What I use it for. Prime Video, Hulu, Netflix, Youtube. Kindle reader for books and bible.Audible books from audible.I also play light games on it, Word search, Temple run, Angry Birds series of games, Yahtzee, Subway Surfer, Crossy Roads, and a few others. I also listen to Amazon prime music (Apple music does not work on this device).
I'm sure it's mostly my fault for not reading that the fire tablets are only exclusive to Amazon apps so you can't use any apps from Google play or anything, but in the part of the description I read it said games.If you are okay with only watching movies, TV and reading, this may be okay for you. Not sure about the internet connection though, my boyfriend's tablet (Lenovo) doesn't do that.
Overall, I highly approve of this tablet for it's price point. If you're looking for something affordable and use for the basics, this tablet is great! So far I've just done some basic browsing and downloaded some games. It's sleek and light weight, and I absolute love the color!
The tablet arrive with 60% battery on the 10th, and that 60% have survived through today. I'm excited to see how long the battery lasts when I'm using it more as I plan on taking it on vacation with me in July. As time goes on, I'll update this review if things change or I find more issues. For it's price though, I can't make too many complaints. Amazon did well with this tablet, and I'm happy with my purchase overall.
I didn't like anything about this fire tablet. First of all, i had this device 1 day and the very next day it wouldn't turn on. Secondly, pixels started showing up, the device kept shutting off. I called customer assistance 4x and each time the device got worse and worse. I wouldn't recommend for anyone to buy this fire tablet. I returned this product and purchased another tablet.
I bought this new 2019 version of the tablet 7 for like fifty bucks plus tax etc from here on amazon. upgrading from the the 6 tablet. really like this the 7 tablet. as well as all the built-in amazon stuff on this tablet, was also able to put google play store etc on this tablet -- easy peasy -- just look up how to do it on the internet. if you want a tablet, this is the one to get.
I could not be more displeased with this item. I bought it specifically so that I would be able to download ebooks from our library, but the proprietary nature of the product will not allow me to download the required Libby app from Google Play. Two librarians with experience with tablets tried for an hour to install the app which kept circling back around to "this device is not associated with your Google email." We followed the steps to complete the association, but had no success. I have no need of a tablet otherwise, so this item was a complete waste of money.
This thing is a really good value. Its really cool how much this tablet does and how little it cost compared to a iPad. It only focuses on the things you actually need it for. No useless added features like the iPad is packed and cluttered down with.
The new tablet works well overall if you can get past all of the advertisements and Alexa constantly prompting you to buy this and subscribe to that for only $xxx dollars a year! Good sound and video quality, though queuing up a video takes a bit of time. Battery tends to drain fairly quickly. I'll be switching back to my way overpriced iPad but happy to do so since ever other click doesn't want me to spend more money. Basically if you want an inexpensive tablet to read, browse online and watch videos this may be the product for you.
I download movies and shows to watch on a plane, as well as books to read on vacation. My daughter and grandson also have Fire tablets. He is very attached to his (literally). Since he doesn't have a phone, he uses Instagram to talk to his girlfriend. The blue filter for use before bed is very effective. I can still read, but can fall asleep easily afterward. Hardly use my kindle anymore.
Do you remember Fire Phone that badly bombed with the consumers and got cancelled ? Well, it was a Rolls Royce compared to this Pinto. Yes, I paid $70 bucks but I think amazon should pay me to look at its ads everytime I pick up this tablet. This tab is a certified No-go. This tablet experience is just really awful and there’s no other way to describe it. Bad screen, bad battery life, horrible performance and I mean tablet that felt like 10 years old trying to run the newest OS update.
I am a 'The Simpson Tapped Out' game addict, and for a while, I couldn't play as often as I liked on the old tablet because there was an update to the game that didn't jive with older Fire tablets and caused game issues. I switched over to my Nook Tablet 7" 2016 to play, which was a challenge in of itself. Thankfully, my new tablet finally arrived on June 17th, and I am back to playing TSTO in full force again! I play a couple of other games, too, as well as surf the 'net, and read books.
For the price it is a good Tablet. It looks nice, lighter than it looks, and very useful when you are cooking. ( looking at recipe / bigger screen makes easier to read while setting up ingredients. Was using phone before) The Only issue I have is the limited amount of apps I could use / download on it. Since it is an Amazon product, you can only use Amazon approved apps. You can not download from the Apple App store (which makes sense), but you can not download from Google Play store either. There are some Apps / Games that I wish I can use on this Tablet, unfortunately Amazon doesn't have them. I still like this Tablet, just wish for more app access.
$50 for a tablet sounds good, but the ad that pops up each time you turn the tablet on are quite annoying. They don't go away on their own after a certain period of time; they're the kind you have to click out of. Doesn't sound like such a special offer to me. I went online and turned off the offer notification, only to be charged an extra $15 WITHOUT prior notification (or any notification for that matter, so beware!). It might make sense to buy one of their kids versions at a discounted rate, say, around Black Friday, as those don't have all of these annoying ads and you actually have an adult profile for that tablet too, which is the same as what you'd have from this.
I traded in an earlier model 7 tablet and bought this new one hoping to improve the speed and the touch screen response compared to my original 7 tablet. The display might be slightly better, but I believe this new tablet is slower then my old one. I use this to listen to podcasts and it takes much longer after you touch play and the control icon changes until the audio actually starts. When trying to start a podcast playing it takes several touches of the control to get it to change to the pause control. I haven't timed both tablets, but the power on start up time also seems to be longer with the new tablet. Not what I expected.
Just received the tablet and it seems to work like a charm. However, it came with the wrong USB charger--it was supposed to be with a USB C, and it was packaged with a micro-USB instead. This is a bummer. Still trying to navigate how to contact the appropriate Customer Service without sending the whole thing back.
I ordered this refurbished tablet just to use as a small TV video screen on my desk. Unfortunately, the apps are pretty much exclusive to Amazon proprietary apps - Amazon Prime Video and such. No way to access my YouTube TV account. I can't get any of the Amazon faux YouTube apps to work with You Tube TV.
I will never pay full price again!! Honestly refurbished is just as good if not better than buying brand new. Our tablet came in the standard fire box. Charger and cable included. Came with 90% battery life. We’ve had it for about 3 weeks now. It’s great! No issues so far. We’ve just ordered another. I would highly recommend a refurbished kindle fire HD 10.
This is the second Fire HD 10 Tablet (10.1" 1080p full HD display, 32 GB) we've purchased. I use mine for reading and Amazon Prime. My wife uses hers for Prime music, Netflix, and YouTube. She used to steal mine all the time until she got one of her own. If this was refurbished, you'd never know it. Works perfectly.
I'm not a fan of tablet computers. They can't do 90% of the stuff I need done. However, I had a Paperwhite for reading, and I loved it. I decided to get the Fire because I wanted to read my textbooks in color. Of course, this Fire has way more bells and whistles than my paperwhite did.
Touch screen keyboard not good, psp games unplayable, most games do not work, Android version super old. Never works in smart home mode. And show mode is like the echo show, useless. Do not buy this tablet it fails in everyway. Amazon stop selling Kindle. Fire first generation was no good, some how this new generation fire is worst then the first.
I like the plum color. The overall quality of the tablet itself is pretty good, about what I expected given that I upgraded from a Amazon Fire 8 inch tablet. Usually I don't buy refurbished electronics but since I am a Prime Member and Amazon usually has very high standards, and there were mostly positive reviews I decided to give this a chance.
t is a beautiful and easy to use tablet. Lightweight and fast enough for everything you might generally need. It's like a big andriod phone basically, and it's smoothe to operate. Great resolution. I am enjoying it. The one thing I will complain about is that this tablet is made towards Amazon's products and apps, so the typical android function needs some help by searching the amazon apps for the email (gmail), browser (chrome) and other things you will normally have access to that come standard.
I am a long time owner of Kindle Fire Tablets, having pre-ordered the first model when they came out. I own several others. I wanted to purchase a tablet that would complement my touch-screen Chrome Book for quick web searches and also act as a reader so I chose this Fire for its size and memory. I really don't care about new or refurbished as long as there is a warranty.
The physical aspects of the Fire tablet are great - good screen, long battery life, and great value for the price. However, the recent revision to the interface is horrible to put it mildly, and I am thinking I will forego my recent sixth Fire and go to some other tablet to avoid the frustration of the revised interface. I use the Fire primarily for reading will usually read over a hundred books a year. The new interface is a joke for serious readers.
I was a little worried about purchasing a refurbished model but after reading some positive reviews I decided to give it a shot and honestly I couldn't be happier. I wanted a tablet to draw on primarily and although the iPad has gotten great reviews for it's art applications, I couldn't afford to spend a grand on one. Plus another $100 for the pencil. So I took a chance with a refurbished Fire HD 10 tablet and I gotta say, it works great for what I was looking for.
I purchased this HD tablet as my older model was not working very well after numerous years of use. I was not interested in the newest model because it has too many options that I'm not interested in.